Run benchmark directly using agent locator (#1846)
huawei-noah/SMARTS: docs/benchmarks/driving_smarts_2022.rst

.. _driving_smarts_2022:

Driving SMARTS 2022
===================

The Driving SMARTS 2022 is a benchmark derived from the
NeurIPS 2022 Driving SMARTS Competition.

This benchmark is intended to address the following requirements:

> -  The benchmark should use an up to date version of gym to simplify the
>    interface. (we used gymnasium)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The benchmark should use an up-to-date version of ``gym`` to simplify the
   interface. As such we should use `gymnasium <https://github.com/Farama-Foundation/Gymnasium>`_ for new environments.
```

-  The competition gym environment should strictly follow the
   requirements of the gym interface to allow for obvious actions and
   observations.
-  The observations out of this environment should be just data.
-  The benchmark runner should be configurable for future benchmark
   versions.
-  Added benchmarks should be versioned.
-  Added benchmarks should be discover-able.

See `NeurIPS 2022 Driving SMARTS <https://smarts-project.github.io/archive/2022_nips_driving_smarts/>`_ page for historical context.

This benchmark allows ego agents to use any one of the following action spaces.

+ :attr:`~smarts.core.controllers.ActionSpaceType.TargetPose`

> + :attr:`~smarts.core.controllers.ActionSpaceType.RelativeTargetPose`

Reviewer: I do not see how we enforce this anymore. I think this requires a change to the environment constructor

https://github.com/huawei-noah/SMARTS/blob/7ff08fc7ef21d4bf389d6ef303793cec40368bf4/smarts/env/gymnasium/driving_smarts_competition_env.py#L57-L67

and how the environments are constructed by getting the agent spec to apply settings:

https://github.com/huawei-noah/SMARTS/blob/7ff08fc7ef21d4bf389d6ef303793cec40368bf4/smarts/benchmark/entrypoints/benchmark_runner_v0.py#L49-L59

Author: I have propagated `AgentInterface` through `benchmark_runner_v0` into the `driving_smarts_competition_v0_env`. This should allow action space to be configurable by the agents.

Considering an environment should just output one fixed type of observation for all agents, the `driving_smarts_competition_v0_env` was configured to have a fixed `observation_options=ObservationOptions.unformatted`.

Compatible zoo agents
---------------------

A list of SMARTS zoo agents which are compatible with this benchmark is
provided here. A compatible zoo agent can be run as follows.

.. code-block:: bash

    $ cd <path>/SMARTS
    $ scl zoo install <path/to/agent policy>

>     $ scl benchmark run driving_smarts==0.0 <agent_locator> --auto_install

Reviewer: This appears to be a reminder of two things: we should set up a utility to determine the general compatibility of agents.

This is relevant to #381, #1602, and #1603 but we seem to be missing a specific issue.

And to add the validation test pre-benchmark to exclude invalid agents from use in the benchmark.

This is relevant to #1732
